Upgrade readme file (#43)
kyma-project/helm-broker: README.md

To run the project, download these tools:

* [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/) 1.16
* [Helm CLI](https://github.com/kubernetes/helm#install) 2.14
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/) 19.03 (for local installation)
* [Kind](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind#installation-and-usage) 0.5 (for local installation) 

>**NOTE:** For non-local installation, use Kubernetes v1.15.

> ## Installation 

Reviewer: We should somewhere describe that you can just execute the
`./hack/run-dev-kind.sh` which will execute all those steps for you. **Now it is a piece of secret knowledge.**

IMO here we can have just info about this script with prerequisite and in the directory where this `./hack/run-dev-kind.sh` have details what is done under the hood and if someone wants to do it manually then can do it.

To run the project, download these tools:

* [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/) 1.16

> * [Helm CLI](https://github.com/kubernetes/helm#install) 2.10

Author: tested. can be :)

* [docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/) 19.03 (for local installation)
* [Kind](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind#installation-and-usage) 0.5 (for local installation) 

for non-local installation (without kind) use Kubernetes in version 1.15

## Installation 

To run the Helm Broker, you need a Kubernetes cluster with Tiller and Service Catalog. Follow these steps to set up the Helm Broker on Kind with all necessary dependencies:

> 1. Create local cluster with Kind (making sure the docker is turned on):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a local cluster on Kind:
```

```bash
kind create cluster
``` 

2. Install Tiller into your cluster:
```bash
helm init --wait
```

> 3. Create ServiceAccount for Tiller with admin privileges

Author: Order is the same: create `serviceaccount`, create `clusterrolebinding`,
the difference is the last command: `helm init` instead `patch deploy`. Do you mean change command? Is there something wrong with `patch`?

> 3. Create ServiceAccount for Tiller with admin privileges

Author: outdated

```bash
kubectl create serviceaccount --namespace kube-system tiller
kubectl create clusterrolebinding tiller-cluster-rule --clusterrole=cluster-admin --serviceaccount=kube-system:tiller
kubectl patch deploy --namespace kube-system tiller-deploy -p '{"spec":{"template":{"spec":{"serviceAccount":"tiller"}}}}'
```

> 4. Install the Service Catalog as a Helm chart:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Install Service Catalog as a Helm chart:
```

```bash
helm repo add svc-cat https://svc-catalog-charts.storage.googleapis.com
helm install svc-cat/catalog --name catalog --namespace catalog
```

> 5. Clone Helm Broker repository

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Clone the Helm Broker repository:
```

To set up the project, download these tools:

* [Go](https://golang.org/dl/) 1.12
* [Dep](https://github.com/golang/dep) 0.5
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

>**NOTE:** The versions of Go and Dep are compliant with the `buildpack` used by Prow. For more details, read [this](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/master/prow/images/buildpack-golang/README.md) document.

### Project structure

The repository has the following structure:

```
  ├── .github                     # Pull request and issue templates    
  ├── charts                      # Charts to install by Helm
  ├── cmd                         # Main applications for project                                     
  ├── config                      # Configuration file templates or default configs
  ├── deploy                      # Dockerfiles to build images
  ├── docs                        # Documentation files

>   ├── hack                        # Various scripts that are used by Helm Broker developers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ├── hack                        # Scripts used by the Helm Broker developers
```

  ├── internal                    # Private application and library code
  ├── pkg                         # Library code to use by external applications

>   └── test                        # Additional external test apps and test data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  └── test                        # Additional external test applications and test data
```
